a) Enumerating objects: 5, done.
Counting objects: 100% (5/5), done.
Delta compression using up to 4 threads
Compressing objects: 100% (3/3), done.
Writing objects: 100% (4/4), 472 bytes | 157.00 KiB/s, done.
Total 4 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
To https://github.com/ea16b/assignment2.git
   fca746a..e1dbc9e  master -> master

b) 9. Used command "git shortlog -s -n"
	3 commits by me
	6 commits by Esteban

c) Wed Sep 25 18:13:30 2019 -0400. Used command "git log -- .gitignore"

d) Branches can be used when multiple people are working on the same project to prevent
	issues that could occur when working on the same piece of code at the same
	time. 
   People can use individual branches for  adding portions of code to a project.
   Branches could be used for fixing bugs or issues in the program.

e) Git log shows the commit history, but git status will not. Git status will show the
state of the directory.

f) git log --follow -- Vehicle.h

g) git log --grep="file"

h) Inheritence happens in classes. One class can inherit features of another class.
   Polymorphism happens in methods. Multiple classes can utilize the same function.
   Encapsulation refers to things such as classes. Various data and functions work
	together to serve a specific purpose.

i) The main difference between the "Dictator and Lieutenants" and "Integration Manager"
	workflows is the addition of Lieutenants in the "Dictator and Lieutenants"
	workflow. In "Integration Manager," there are only developers and the manager. 
	In "Dictator and Lieutenants," there are developers, lieutenants who oversee
	specific parts of the repository, and the dictator, who oversees the
	lieutenants' masters and the overall master.

j) Using the "Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow would make merging easier for large
	teams because it delegates a few people to deal with merging and merge
	conflicts. If everyone merged their own work, it would be extremely time
	consuming and tedious. Having a lieutenant in charge of specific portions of
	the project can help with making merges to the master more significant and
	efficient.
